Seizure Salad Software Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from http://seizure-salad.xyz (the “Site”).

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”

We collect Device Information using the following technologies:

    - “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
    - “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
    - “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
    - "Cloudflare logs" We use Cloudflare to protect our site against DDoS attacks and other malicious and harmful things. Cloudflare's privacy policy may be found at https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/.

WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Site does not sell any of your information to third parties (i.e. Advertising agencies)
We will also delete any information such as IP addresses from our server upon request.

MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.

CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at seizure@seizure-salad.xyz.
